Terminal Music help

ruby.rb -h or -- help: Runs this message

ruby.rb -a or --about: About this app

ruby.rb -g or --gems: Display Gemfile


Most functions within the app itself are selector options. 
That means all you have to do is press the up or down keys and enter!

Scales - When you select a scale, you will be given a selector cursor to navigate through the full twelve note array.
If you think I'm being funny and have missed out some notes from D onwards, don't fret!
They're there, I promise you. Along with an option to return to the main menu.
Just keep pressing the down key.
Otherwise you can enter the note that you want on the keyboard to filter results. If you change your mind press backspace.

There are two options within the app that you will have to type your own text in (you've got this, I believe in you.)

    Save - In the save feature you will be asked to input a name for your file. 
    You're your own person and I won't tell you how to name your file. But I will give you some tips.
    Use snake_case or kebab-case to save your files and steer clear of numbers.
    This is only to help you if you want to use your file outside of Terminal music.

    Input notes - In this feature you will be asked to input an array of notes you wish to save, separated by commas,
    These notes will be saved as an array. Again, you're responsible for the way your way your file turns out. 
    Theoretically you can type whatever you want into your array. Shopping list, hit list, it really doesn't bother me.
    I am not going to try to stop you.
    But, again, I can give you some tips. 
    Preferably save a progression of notes in capitals, separated by a comma.
    This will give you a nice array of notes to build something from.
    If you wish to save notes by octave, work off the third as default.
    So if you want a C4, type C+1. 
    This will help with music writing apps.

You can exit the program at any time by pressing ctrl+c.

Edit/Delete - If you cannot see a file highlighted in green for either of these options, chances are it's not there

Please read the instructions carefully for each part of the program.
If they are unclear @ me and I will change them.
